docs: Updating stacks documentation (#4544)
gruntwork-io/terragrunt: docs-starlight/src/content/docs/02-features/02-stacks.mdx

terragrunt run --all output
```

You can also use the [`--graph` flag](/docs/reference/cli/commands/run/#graph) to run an OpenTofu/Terraform command on all units in the [DAG](/docs/getting-started/terminology/#directed-acyclic-graph-dag) of the unit in the current working directory.

```bash
# Run an OpenTofu/Terraform command on all units in the DAG of the unit in the current working directory
terragrunt run --graph apply
```

### Advantages of Implicit Stacks

- **Simple**: Just organize units in directory trees.
- **Familiar**: Works like recommended best practices for OpenTofu/Terraform module organization.
- **Flexible**: Easy to add/remove units by creating/deleting directories.
- **Version Control Friendly**: Each unit is a separate directory with its own history.
- **Backwards Compatible**: This has been the default way to work with Terragrunt for over eight years, and the majority of existing Terragrunt configurations use this approach.

### Limitations of Implicit Stacks

- **Manual Management**: Each unit must be manually created and configured.
- **No Reusability**: Patterns can't be easily shared across environments.

> - **Repetitive**: Similar configurations must be duplicated or referenced from [includes](/docs/reference/hcl/includes).

Author: ```suggestion
- **Repetitive**: Similar configurations must be duplicated or referenced from [includes](/docs/features/includes).
```

- You want to reuse infrastructure patterns.
- You have many similar units that differ only in values.
- You want to version your infrastructure patterns.
- You're building infrastructure catalogs or templates.

## The Complete Workflow

### For Implicit Stacks:

1. **Organize**: Create directories for each unit with `terragrunt.hcl` files.
2. **Configure**: Set up inputs, dependencies, etc. in each unit.
3. **Deploy**: Use `terragrunt run --all apply` to deploy all units.

### For Explicit Stacks:

1. **Catalog**: Create a catalog of infrastructure patterns (using `terragrunt.hcl` files, `terragrunt.stack.hcl` files, etc.) in a git repository.
2. **Author**: Write a `terragrunt.stack.hcl` file with `unit` and/or `stack` blocks.
3. **Generate**: Run `terragrunt stack generate` to create the actual units\*.
4. **Deploy**: Run `terragrunt stack run apply` to deploy all units\*\*.

\* Multiple commands (like `stack run` or `run --all`) automatically generate units from `terragrunt.stack.hcl` files for you.

\*\* You can also just use `run --all apply` to deploy all units in the stack like you can with implicit stacks.

## Common Patterns

> <Aside type="info">

Author: ```suggestion
<Aside type="tip">
```
